♪ Who's gonna help when the danger overwhelms ♪
♪ And the mysteries are piled high? ♪
♪ Who's gonna be around, never gonna let you down ♪
♪ When you're on a wild ride? ♪
♪ Your friends are always by your side ♪
♪ It's Craig of the Creek, he's gonna save the day ♪
♪ It's Craig of the Creek ♪
[ Imitates explosions ]
Oh, no!
Craig: Now back on the road.
Now spin cycle.
[ Imitates revving ]
Knight and Steed have returned!
[ Whinnies ]
Maney and I found Sailor Boy in the far west of the creek,
his jacket in the clutches of a vicious thorn bush.
Sailor Boy survived.
The bush did not. That's cool.
We were playing with the racecars,
but the batteries died, so now they're JP-powered.
Oh.
Turbo jump!
[ Whinnies ]
[ Sighs ]
P-P-Perfect parkin'!
Oh, hello, there, Maney.
Uh, uh... H-Hey, JP. I, uh...
Hmm?
I think I -- I like, um...
You like what?
I-I-I like horses!
I think you'd make a great horse! [ Gasps ]
[ Whinnies ]
Wow. Nobody's ever told me I'd be a good anythin' before.
Huh.
[ All neighing ]
Okay, now that we've all warmed up our horse vocals,
I hope you're all ready for Trot Day!
Oh! I love trotting!
Oh, I'm so ready to trot!
Yes, Melissa, we know.
I want to see some high knee kicks today, girls.
I'm lookin' at you, Marie.
Oh, yeah, sure, but I've decided I'm a pretty old horse,
so my trot may look more like a walk, like most of the time.
-Maney! -JP?
JP, w-what are you doing here?
What you said got me thinkin'.
I looked real deep inside myself and you were right.
I was born to be a horse. Check it.
[ Grunting ]
[ Gasps ]
Mackenzie: Neigh-excuse me?!
[ All whinny ]
What are  you doing here?
I invited him, Mackenzie.
JP wants to be a horse like us.
Really?
This isn't a game, you know. It's a lifestyle.
Many have tried to be a horse,
but few have the heart... of a horse.
Yeah. Kids normally get tired of being a horse, but not us.
Not...us.
If you want to be a Horse Girl,
then you got to have horse in your blood!
Are you willing to show us your blood?!
Eek! Wait! Please!
Can't we just give him a chance?
Yeah. I'm serious about this.
I'll do whatever it takes to embody the equine lifestyle.
[ Snorts ] Fine.
I guess you can trot with us for a while.
Yeah! Yay!
What's a trot?
I suppose you two wanna be horses, too?
Oh, nah, we're -- we're just along for the ride.
This is bumpy!
To be a horse, you have to be powerful.
But also graceful.
-Yeah! -Yee!
And most importantly, you have to answer the call of adventure!
[ All neighing ]
♪♪
Whoa. JP. Whoa!
Weeeee!
Ugh, not majestic.
I'm okay. Craig broke my fall.
[ Chuckles ] JP is so funny.
Horses aren't supposed to be funny.
Rodeo clowns are funny.
And horses kick them in the face!
Okay, snack time.
I got the choco roll hookup for all of us.
Coo? Oh, Mortimer.
I'm sorry. I didn't actually pack anything for you.
[ Bird screeches ]
Aw, yeah, I'm so hungry I could eat a horse.
Mackenzie: Ah-hehehem!
First of all, how dare you.
Second of all, horses don't have hands, they have hooves.
Oh, uh...
♪♪
Oop! [ Squish! ]
[ Grunts ]
♪♪
All right, it's time for dressage practice.
Yes!
Oh, good. I'm really good at puttin' on pants.
[ Chuckles ]
Dressage is like a dance competition for horses.
And Mackenzie is incredible.
Music!
Marie. Your hooves.
Just imagine my hand is a tiny horse
and I'm using my tiny hooves.
♪♪
[ Gasps ]
I have to say, Kelsey,
this is one of the best dressage routines I've ever seen!
That's right, Craig.
It's also the only dressage routine
I have ever seen.
So, is Maney your mom-given name?
No, it's short for Mangerine.
Oh, I like that.
♪♪
Yeah! Whoo-hoo!
Melissa! Horses don't scream.
Maney, what did you think
of that trot-halt-trot that I added?
[ Giggles ] When do you think
my horse teeth'll come in?
Hmph!
Can I go next?!
No, let's see what our new  neigh-bor can do.
[ Snorts ] Uh, mehehe?
♪♪
This should be rich.
Uh, I don't know how to do any of that fancy footwork,
but I do know this lil' thing.
Hit it!
Now, this is a dance I made up
when I had a bee stuck in my shirt.
It goes a little something like this.
♪ Now, stick out your arms like you've got long sleeves ♪
♪ Wave 'em around just like me ♪
♪ Don't be shy, just get funky ♪
♪ And do the JP ♪
-Come on, guys! -Yeah!
What? ♪ A-wiggle-wiggle-wiggle ♪
♪ That's right, do the JP ♪
♪ So you're not a JP, you're a Kyle ♪
♪ That's okay, just wave your arms freestyle ♪
Yeah.
I am movin' all over the place.
♪ Do the JP ♪
Come on, everyone watching at home.
Get up and dance along.
It's real easy to...
♪ Do the JP ♪
Yeah! Yes!
That is not how horses dance!
♪♪
I knew you'd be a great horse.
T-That means a lot comin' from a --
a genuine equine such as yourself.
[ Chuckles ]
I feel like I messed up, though, a couple times back there.
I mean, Mackenzie seems kinda mad.
You're just different.
Wild! Untamed!
Unbroken.
[ Whispers ] Should we leave?
[ Whispers ] Don't dismount. You'll ruin the moment.
I've wanted to hang out with you for some time now.
I-I-I'm happy I fin-finally can.
Yeah, this is so fun.
I wanna do this every day.
[ Humming "Do the JP" ]
♪♪
I feel great! I slept standin' up last night!
Hold your horses!
You've had your fun, JP.
But if you want to keep galloping with the herd,
you'll have to go through the horse rite of passage --
the horse course.
[ Both gasp ]
Mackenzie, JP isn't ready for the horse course.
It takes weeks of training
and -- and he's only been a horse for one day.
I don't know if Marie has even --
Shh!
You don't have to do this.
The course is hard, even for a stallion like yourself.
Those are the rules,
but JP can always tuck his pony tail between his legs
and go home, that's if he even has a tail.
I accept the challenge.
Craig: Here we are, Kelsey.
It's a beautiful day for a horse course.
Yes, Craig, but this test ain't no trot in the meadow.
The jumps are high and the stakes are even higher.
The horse course starts here.
First, you must execute a dainty hop over the small jump,
then a trot through the puddle, pay respects to the dignitaries,
and finally, clear a totally regulation-sized high jump.
Finish the course without failing a jump,
and you'll officially be one of us.
You have until Melissa finishes drawing a horse with her mouth.
So be fast 'cause she's got it down to a science.
I know you can do this, JP. Good luck.
Ready, Melissa?
[ Muffled ] Ready!
Go!
Whoo-hoo! Yeah! JP!
And he's off to a strong start!
You know, it's hard to believe
he only became a horse yesterday, Craig.
Wow! So elegant.
So untamed.
That was hardly a trot!
[ Grunting ]
M'lord, m'lady, m'baby.
What are all those dots?
[ Muffled ] Spots!
Melissa, it doesn't need details!
He's entering the home stretch, folks.
He's just got to clear the final high jump.
♪♪
Hurry up, Melissa!
[ All gasp ]
Wow.
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
[ All gasp ]
JP! JP, can you get up?
No. His horse leg is broken!
We have to put him down like in the movies.
Melissa, no, not again.
Well, he can't be a horse anymore anyway.
He lost the course!
Mackenzie: No, he didn't.
Because I...I sabotaged it!
[ All gasp ]
I just wanted him to fail the course!
I didn't think he'd get hurt!
[ Grunting, snorting ]
JP gave everything he could to be a horse like us
and this is how you treat him?!
I'm sorry, okay?! I-I just --
You just what?!
I just -- Everyone was having more fun
doing horse stuff JP's way.
I was worried that if he joined us,
he'd change our horse way of life forever.
And then you wouldn't need me anymore.
Oh, Mackenzie, of course we need you.
We wouldn't be The Horse Girls without you.
Really? Yeah.
I mean, sure, you can be bossy sometimes,
but I know it's just because
you want to bring out our fullest potential.
Maney, Maney, I'm sorry,
but I don't think I wanna be a horse anymore.
But I thought you were having fun as a horse.
I thought we were gonna be horses together.
Of course I had fun. I was hangin' out with you!
But I don't belong in the meadow.
My heart's just not as into it as you guys.
And let's be honest, you got the best horses right here.
Besides, I realize now that I'm neither boy nor horse.
I'm...a truck!
My hooves be wheels! My tail, a tail pipe!
My farts -- terrible for the ozone layer.
But I hope that we can still ride together
every once in a while.
[ Snorts ]
Of course we can.
All right, fellas.
It's a long drive home, and I'm gonna need a push.
[ Both groan ]
Group nuzzle!
[ All whinny ]
[ Both grunting ]
♪ When it's time to go to bed ♪
♪ I know I don't have to feel alone ♪
♪ 'Cause I'll see you tomorrow ♪
♪ At the creek ♪
Just like I drew it.